---
title: "Privacy Policy"
date: 2020-04-12
---

Medlearnity services, including (without limitation) all websites, mobile applications and other interactive properties through which the service is delivered (collectively, the “Service”) are owned, operated and distributed by Medlearnity LLC, (referred to in this Privacy Policy as “Medlearnity” or “we” and through similar words such as “us,” “our,” etc.). This Privacy Policy outlines the Personal Information that Medlearnity may collect, how Medlearnity uses and safeguards that information, and with whom we may share it.**THIS SERVICE IS OFFERED FROM THE UNITED STATES (“US”), IN PARTICULAR, IT IS NOT INTENDED FOR USE IN THE EUROPEAN UNION (“EU”)**. For individuals located outside of the US, please note that Medlearnity is a US based company. If you use the Service, all information, including Personal Information, will be transferred to Medlearnity in the US and used as described in this Policy.Medlearnity encourages all Users (including, but not limited to, Visitors, Purchasers, business associates, and other interested parties) to read this Privacy Policy. By using our Service or submitting Personal Information to Medlearnity by any other means, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy, and agree that Medlearnity may collect, process, transfer, use and disclose your Personal Information as described in this Policy. Further, by accessing any part of the Service, you are agreeing to the Medlearnity [TERMS AND CONDITIONS](https://www.medlearnity.com/terms-and-conditions/) (“Terms”). If you do not agree to any of these terms, you should not use the Service.**What Personal Information do we collect about you?**Personal Information (also commonly known as Personally Identifiable Information (PII) or Personal Data) is information that can be used to identify you, or any other individual to whom the information may relate. We do not collect Personal Information unless you choose to provide it to us.The Personal Information that we collect directly from you, includes the following:• Name and contact information (e.g. home and/or business address; home, business, and/or cell phone number; personal and/or business email; fax, etc.);• Work and education history;• Areas of expertise and competencies;• Billing information.Medlearnity does not collect sensitive information relating to your (i) racial or ethnic origin (ii) political beliefs (iii) philosophical or religious beliefs (iv) membership of a trade union or political party (v) genetic makeup (vi) addictions, sexual life (vii) the commission of criminal offences or proceedings and associated penalties or fines, or (viii) any Social Security Number or national identification number, unless you have previously sent to us your written consent that we may process such Personal Information, if Medlearnity determines consent to be a requirement of applicable law. If you incorrectly send such Personal Information to Medlearnity, we will promptly delete it.**How do we use your Personal Information?**Subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy, Medlearnity uses your Personal Information in several ways:• to administer the Service to you;• to respond to your requests;• to distribute communications relevant to your use of the Service, such as system updates or information about your use of the Service;• as may be necessary to support the operation of the Service, such as for billing, account maintenance, and record-keeping purposes;• to send to you Medlearnity solicitations, product announcements, and the like that we feel may be of interest to you (you may “opt out” of receiving these marketing materials);• in other manners after notice is provided to you and/or your consent is obtained, if necessary.Medlearnity does not sell, re-sell or distribute for re-sale your Personal Information.**How do we share your Personal Information with third parties?**We may provide Personal Information to Medlearnity employees, consultants, affiliates or other businesses or persons for the purpose of processing such information on our behalf in order to provide the Service to you. In such circumstances, we require that these parties agree to protect the confidentiality of such information and to comply in all respects with this Privacy Policy.We will not share your Personal Information with other, third-party companies for their commercial or marketing use without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you have the ability to opt-in or opt-out.In addition, we may release Personal Information: (i) to the extent we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with any applicable law, enforce any provision of the Terms, protect ourselves against any liability, defend ourselves against any claims, protect the rights, property and personal safety of any user or protect the public welfare; (ii) to respond to a court order, subpoena, or search warrant; or (iii) in the event we are acquired by or merged with a third-party entity.**Cookies, Device Data, and How it is Used**When you use our Service, we may record unique identifiers associated with your device (such as the device ID and IP address), your activity within the Service, and your network location. Medlearnity uses aggregated information (such as anonymous user usage information, cookies, IP addresses, browser type, clickstream information, etc.) to improve the quality and design of the Service and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, and analyzing user preferences and trends.In addition, we may use "cookies," clear gifs, and log file information that help us determine the type of content and pages to which you link, the length of time you spend at any particular area of the Service, and the portion of the Service you choose to use. A cookie is a small text file that is sent by a website to your computer or mobile device where it is stored by your web browser. A cookie contains limited information, usually a unique identifier and the name of the site. Your browser has options to accept, reject or provide you with notice when a cookie is sent. Our cookies can only be read by Medlearnity; they do not execute any code or virus; and they do not contain any Personal Information. Cookies allow Medlearnity to serve you better and more efficiently, and to personalize your experience with the Service. We may use cookies for many purposes, including (without limitation) to save your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit the Service, and to deliver content (which may include third party advertisements) specific to your interests.We may use third party service providers to help us analyze certain online activities. For example, these service providers may help us measure the performance of our online campaigns or analyze visitor activity on the Service. We may permit these service providers to use cookies and other technologies to perform these services for Medlearnity. We do not share any Personal Information about our customers with these third-party service providers, and these service providers do not collect such information on our behalf. Our third-party service providers are required to comply fully with this Privacy Policy.**International Data Transfer**For individuals outside the US, in particular Switzerland and the EU, please note that Medlearnity is a US based company. Medlearnity does not market to or solicit customers in the EU, therefore, users of the Service should not expect to avail themselves of the rights provided under the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). If you use the Service, all information, including Personal Information, will be transferred to Medlearnity in the US. By using the Service, you unambiguously consent to the transfer of your Personal Information and other information to the US and elsewhere for the purposes and uses described in this Policy. Further, you acknowledge that Medlearnity is not subject to the GDPR or similar international privacy laws, and, therefore, you will be unable to claim the privacy rights provided in those laws.**Children’s Privacy**The Service is not available to children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13 years of age.**Information Storage and Security**Medlearnity retains information as long as it is necessary and relevant to provide you with the Service. We also retain Personal Information to comply with applicable law, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigation, enforce our Terms, collect any fees owed, and other actions permitted by law. After it is no longer necessary for us to retain information, we dispose of it according to our data retention and deletion policies. We employ industry-standard security measures designed to protect the security of all information submitted through the Service. However, the security of information transmitted through the internet or via a mobile device can never be guaranteed. We are not responsible for any interception or interruption of any communications through the internet or for changes to or losses of data. Users of the Service are responsible for maintaining the security of any password, user ID or other form of authentication involved in obtaining access to password protected or secure areas of the Service. In order to protect you and your information, we may suspend your use of any of the Service, without notice, pending an investigation, if any breach of security is suspected.**California Privacy Rights**California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of the Service who are California residents to request certain information regarding disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail with “California Privacy Rights” in the heading to support@medlearnity.com.While the Service is available to Users in California, due to the nature and size of its business, Medlearnity is not currently subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). That said, if you would like to make any inquiry regarding your Personal Information or any specific privacy rights available to you, please feel free to contact Medlearnity as provided in this Policy. Further, if your information has been provided to Medlearnity by a CCPA regulated business, Medlearnity is committed to supporting CCPA businesses as a Service Provider.**Changes to this Privacy Policy**Medlearnity reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time in order that it accurately reflects the regulatory environment and our data collection principles. When material changes are made to this Privacy Policy, Medlearnity will post the revised Policy on our website. This Privacy Policy was last modified as of May 2020.**How to Contact Us**Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to: support@medlearnity.com.

### **Contact**

**T** ​[(201) 477-0018](tel:%E2%80%8B\(201\)%20477-0018)**E** ​[INFO@MEDLEARNITY.COM](mailto:INFO@MEDLEARNITY.COM)**A** 447 BROADWAY, 2ND FL #507, New York, NY, 10013
