---
title: 'Terms and Conditions'
pubDate: 2020-05-29
description: 'These are the terms and conditions for usage of the website of Medlearnity LLC. Please read our terms and conditions carefully before using the website. Yo.'
---

These are the terms and conditions for usage of the website of Medlearnity LLC. Please read our terms and conditions carefully before using the website. Your use of Medlearnity LLC’s website or any of the information, links, products, or services offered on those sites (collectively, the “Services”) is subject to these Terms of Use (these “Terms”). Medlearnity LLC, at its sole discretion, may change the Terms, conditions, and operation of this website (the “Site”) at any time without notice to you. By using this Site and/or any of its Services, you are deemed to have read, understood, and agreed to the Terms, including any modifications we make, regardless of whether you are a visitor to this Site (“Visitor(s)”) or a purchaser of the services and/or products offered on the Site (“Purchaser(s)”)(Visitors and Purchasers shall collectively be referred to as “User(s)”) and further waive any rights or claims you may have against Medlearnity LLC. In addition, when using interactive forums on the Site, including, but not limited to, our blog, you will be required to abide by posted rules or guidelines concerning User conduct on the Site (“User Conduct”). Some of the Services may be subject to additional posted conditions. Your use of those Services is subject to those conditions, which are incorporated into these Terms by reference. In the event of an inconsistency between these Terms and any additional posted conditions, the provisions of the additional conditions shall control. If at any time you find these Terms of Use unacceptable or if you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use this Site. The Site provides an online portal to give Users a general understanding of what services Medlearnity LLC provides. The materials on this website have been provided for informational and educational purposes only. Information is intended – but not promised or guaranteed – to be current and correct. We do not assume any responsibility for any mistakes or inaccuracies in the products or other information appearing on this site. Any information you read, learn, and/or acquire on or from the Site is not provided in the course of an advisor-client relationship and shall not be deemed services provided to any User. Any compensation you pay in connection with purchasing products on the Site is received by Medlearnity LLC and does not constitute consulting advice or payment for any of our services. If you seek advice regarding your specific situation, you must sign an agreement with Medlearnity LLC for our services. Neither the transmission, nor the purchase of any product, nor any receipt or response to an email is intended to create, or constitutes, an advisor-client relationship. Until you have signed an agreement to become a client of Medlearnity LLC, do not send confidential information as such information may not be considered or treated as confidential. No advisor-client relationship is created between you and Medlearnity LLC unless and until you have signed a formal agreement specifically pertaining to our services and have paid to Medlearnity LLC all fees required under said agreement. Except where otherwise noted, the content available through the Site, as well as all other trademarks and service marks, trade names, and designs, are the sole property of Medlearnity LLC or its advertisers, suppliers, or licensors. All material published on our sites, including, but not limited to, written content, photographs, graphics, images, illustrations, marks, logos, sound or video clips, and Flash animation, are protected by patent, copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. Except as otherwise explicitly agreed in writing, Medlearnity LLC-owned content received through the Site may be downloaded, displayed, reformatted, and printed for your personal, non-commercial use only. You will not acquire any ownership rights by downloading anything that exists on the Site. Content owned by Medlearnity LLC advertisers, suppliers, or licensors may be subject to additional restrictions. You agree not to modify, reproduce, re-transmit, distribute, disseminate, sell, publish, create derivative works of, broadcast, circulate or in any way exploit any of the materials or content received through the Site, in whole or in part, to anyone without Medlearnity LLC’s express prior written consent. Unless explicitly stated herein, nothing in these Terms shall be construed as conferring any license to any intellectual property rights. You may not alter, transform, or build upon any content on the Site. You agree not to post or transmit any information, software, or other material that contains a virus or other harmful component or use the Site in any unlawful manner or in any manner that could damage, disable, disrupt, or impair the Site or interfere with any other User’s use and enjoyment of the Site. Our sites contain links to other Internet sites owned by third parties. Your use of each of those sites is subject to the conditions, if any, that each of those sites has posted. We have no control over sites that are not ours, and we are not responsible for any changes to or content on them. Our inclusion on our sites of any third-party content or a link to a third-party site is not an endorsement of that content or third-party site. **By using this Site, you agree under penalty of perjury to the following:**

i) I am of legal age to view material discussed above, in accordance with the laws of the region in which I reside.

ii) Any material that I am viewing is exclusively for my own personal use and I will not give, sell, or otherwise provide any of it to anyone else.

iii) I believe I have the unalienable right to read and/or view any type of material I choose.

iv) I am aware of the standards of my local community with respect to the materials offered on this Site; I am familiar with the materials offered by this Site; and I represent, warrant and certify that the links, information, and use of materials on this Site do not violate any standard or law that applies to me. In the event that a law that applies to me comes into effect that would prevent me from viewing material on this Site, I agree to no longer access this Site.

I recognize that this Site has no control over the content of websites which are listed or linked on it and that it takes no responsibility for the content of those other sites. By viewing and/or using this Site, you agree that Medlearnity LLC will not be liable for any commercial loss; inconvenience; loss of use, time, data, goodwill, revenues, profits, or savings; or any other special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages in any way related to or arising from your use of this Site and/or Services. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Medlearnity LLC, its employees, directors, shareholders, members, officers, agents, subsidiaries and affiliates from any and all claims, losses, damages, causes of action, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) related to or arising out of your use of the Site and/or Services, including without limitation claims made by third parties related to your use of the Site and/or Services. WE AND OUR ADVERTISERS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS PROVIDE THE MEDLEARNITY LLC SITE AND SERVICES ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS PROVIDED” BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NONINFRINGEMENT, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND AVAILABILITY OF THE SITE OR SERVICES. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. MEDLEARNITY LLC MAKES NO REPRESENTATION THAT THE SITE AND/OR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR, BUG OR VIRUS FREE AND SHALL NOT BE HELD RESPONSIBLE IN ANY WAY OR BY ANY MEANS, EITHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FOR ANY COMMUNICATIONS DIFFICULTIES, ACCESS DELAYS, ANY INTERRUPTION AND/OR DATA DELIVERY, NON-DELIVERY, MIS-DELIVERY, CORRUPTION, DESTRUCTION, OR EVENTS BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL. YOU PARTICIPATE ON THE SITE AT YOUR OWN RISK. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, MEDLEARNITY LLC SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR YOUR BUSINESS FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR LOST OR IMPUTED PROFITS OR ROYALTIES ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THIS SITE OR ANY GOODS OR SERVICES PROVIDED, WHETHER FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OBLIGATION ARISING THEREFROM OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER LIABILITY IS ASSERTED IN CONTRACT OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT PRODUCT LIABILITY) AND IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER YOU HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE. YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY CLAIM THAT THESE EXCLUSIONS DEPRIVE YOU OF AN ADEQUATE REMEDY. YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD MEDLEARNITY LLC, ITS OWNERS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, CONTRACTORS, PARTNERS, ASSIGNS, AND SUCCESSORS-IN-INTEREST, INDIVIDUALLY AND COLLECTIVELY, HARMLESS FROM ALL CLAIMS, LIABILITIES (DIRECT AND INDIRECT), LOSSES, DAMAGES, AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING ATTORNEY’S FEES AND EXPENSES) THAT RESULT FROM OR RELATING TO USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR THE SERVICES, OR ANY ALLEGED BREACH OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BY YOU. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIRD PARTY PRODUCT AND SERVICE PROVIDERS MAY ADVERTISE THEIR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ON THE MEDLEARNITY LLC SITE AND THAT MEDLEARNITY LLC MAY FORM PARTNERSHIPS OR ALLIANCES WITH SOME OF THESE VENDORS FROM TIME TO TIME IN ORDER TO FACILITATE THE PROVISION OF THESE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES TO YOU. HOWEVER, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT AT NO TIME IS MEDLEARNITY LLC MAKING ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY REGARDING ANY THIRD PARTY’S PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, NOR WILL MEDLEARNITY LLC BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY CLAIMS ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. YOU HEREBY DISCLAIM AND WAIVE ANY RIGHTS AND CLAIMS YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST MEDLEARNITY LLC WITH RESPECT TO THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. Use of our Site is subject to existing laws and legal process. Nothing contained in these Terms shall limit our right to comply with governmental, court, and law-enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of our sites. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of our Site, Services or these Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. These Terms shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. You agree to submit yourself to personal jurisdiction in the City, County and State of New York for such purpose, and that any and all disputes that may arise out of or relate to these Terms shall be submitted for resolution to the American Arbitration Association’s (“AAA”) New York, New York office in accordance with the then-current Commercial Arbitration Rules. In agreeing to arbitrate such disputes, you agree to waive any rights to bring any civil action in any court regarding such disputes. The award rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and judgment may be entered into it in accordance with the applicable law in a court of competent jurisdiction in New York, NY. The prevailing party shall be entitled to have all costs, fees, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) paid in connection with the arbitration. We are not responsible for any loss, damages, costs, claims, or expenses which you may incur as a result of our delay in or failure to perform our obligations where such delay or failure is due to causes beyond our control. Causes beyond our control include but are not limited to: fire, flood, earthquake, accident, civil disturbances, war, acts of terrorism, rationing or embargoes, strikes, labor problems, delays in transportation, inability to secure necessary materials, delay or failure of performance of any supplier or subcontractor, acts of God and acts of Government. If any provision of these Terms is found unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be severed from the remaining Terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions, which shall remain in full force and effect. These Terms are subject to change at any time, with or without notice. All changes are effective upon their posting on the Site. You agree that it is your responsibility to bookmark this page and to check it frequently for updates to your agreement with us. Please direct any questions, concerns or feedback regarding these terms and conditions to support@medlearnity.com.

### Contact

**T** ​[(631) 540-2499](tel:6315402499%20)**E** ​​[INFO@MEDLEARNITY.COM](mailto:INFO@MEDLEARNITY.COM)**A** 447 BROADWAY, 2ND FL #507, New York, NY, 10013
